Recommend using machine users for automated tasks (#1157)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/gettingstarted/cli/api-tokens.md

Now set that token to an environment variable named `PLATFORMSH_CLI_TOKEN` on your system where the CLI will run.  Consult the documentation for your CI system to see how to do that.

> **note**
> If running CLI commands from any automated system, including a Platform.sh cron task, we urge you to use the `--no-wait` flag on any commands that may take more than a second or two to avoid blocking the process.

## Machine users

> For security reasons we recommend to create a dedicated `machine user` to run automation tasks such as taking backups, renewing SSL certificates or triggering source operations. We also recommend to create a unique `machine user` for each project to be automated. 

Reviewer: Machine user is not a code string here, so it shouldn't be using code offsets.  Normal quotes are fine.

Like human users, every `machine user` account needs its own unique email address.

The `machine user` can be given a very restrictive set of permissions limited to just its needed tasks. Backups, for instance, require `Admin` access but no SSH key, while checking out code from a CI server to run tests on it would require an SSH key but only `Reader` access.

It will also show up in logs and activity streams as a separate entry from human users.
 
Consult the [Users](/administration/users.md) documentation for more information about the differences between access levels.

## Install the CLI on a Platform.sh environment

A common use case for an API token is to allow the Platform.sh CLI to be run on an app container, often via a cron hook.  An API token is necessary for authentication, but the CLI will be able to auto-detect the current project and environment.

> First, create a `machine user` (see above) that you invite to your project. Then, login as that `machine user` to obtain an API token. Set this token as the [top-level](https://docs.platform.sh/development/variables.html#top-level-environment-variables) environment variable `env:PLATFORMSH_CLI_TOKEN` either through the management console or via the CLI, like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, create a `machine user` (see above) that you invite to your project. Then, log in as that `machine user` to obtain an API token. Set this token as the [top-level](https://docs.platform.sh/development/variables.html#top-level-environment-variables) environment variable `env:PLATFORMSH_CLI_TOKEN` either through the management console or via the CLI, like so:
```

```

> > **note**

Reviewer: Stylistically we have the extra line break in most places.  Don't mess with it here.  If we want to standardize that docs-wide that would be a separate PR task for just that.
